>> Zac Gordon: But
here's what we gonna do with practice.
We're first going to, I give you few
exercises which we just switched back from
on how to access the endpoints
with do on your site.
And then we'll play around, we have
a few minutes around with arguments,
so you could try searching or
this or that.
This is where you need
some content in your site.
So, if you haven't installed the WP Rest,
or if you haven't added some dummy text or
some dummy post, go ahead and
do that as part of this practice.
And then there is a plugin
in the 4.3 folder,
that if you install it would
set up a custom endpoints.
And after these exercises, I want to
show you how that's done because,
like I said,
most people are going to the direction of
rather than just using
completely default API.
They're trimming them down,
making them faster, and
just getting only the day they need and
nothing else.